>> Maximiliano Firtman: So iOS, as we saw,
work with the icon that you set in
the manifest, which is perfectly fine.
They will use an icon from the manifest,
the same happens on macOS as well,
not a problem at all.
But if we want, we can specify a specific
icon for Apple platforms using a link,
that will override the one
that you have in the manifest.
So Apple said that, yeah, they realize,
I mean the excuse they gave us,
that it's true anyway,
because Apple got late into
the into accepting PWAs.
Using the standards, actually, we remember
that actually Apple created this,
Apple was the first one.
But then the Web App Manifest was
something that appeared later,
Chrome pushed the Web App Manifest, and
Apple didn't implement
the Web App Manifest initially.
So because they were late to the party,
most of the icons for
PWAs were optimized for Android because
it was the platform supporting PWAs.
When Apple started to implement
the manifest, they said that they did
a test on many PWAs and they realized
that the icon didn't look good on iOS.
So they were not iOS optimized,
they were targeting Android.
For example, in iOS,
we don't have transparent icons,
you cannot use transparencies.
And they said that they found
transparencies, blah, blah, blah.
But anyway, you can override the default
manifest icon only for Apple using a link.
Link rel apple-touch-icon.
So now you go to the HTML
not to the manifest.
And you specify a different one,
if you want it's not mandatory,
and you can provide a lot one for
each resolution, for
iPad they have different resolution.
But if you wanna provide only one that's
my recommendation you don't need at this
point to provide several versions.
It should be 180 x 180, at this point,
the largest resolution that actually
an iPad Pro is using for an app's icon.